update encore comparison (#673)
nitrictech/docs: docs/misc/comparison/encore.mdx

These are the main differences between the two:

1. **Cloud Provider Support:** Nitric is provider-agnostic, capable of deploying to multiple cloud providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure. Encore currently deploys to AWS or Google Cloud.

> 2. **Language Support:** Nitric provides libraries for TypeScript/JavaScript, Python, Go, and Dart, allowing developers to choose their preferred language. Currently Encore supports Go and TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Language Support:** Nitric provides libraries for TypeScript/JavaScript, Python, Go, and Dart. Additional languages can be supported using Nitric's gRPC API, allowing developers to choose their preferred language. Currently Encore supports Go and TypeScript.
```

3. **Infrastructure Provisioning:** Nitric uses Pulumi or Terraform by default for provisioning cloud resources, but also allows the use of [custom providers](/providers/custom/create). Encore uses a hosted provisioning engine via their online platform.

> 4. **Open Source:** As an open-source framework, Nitric does not require a platform or subscription to deploy applications, while Encore offers some open-source libraries, using the platform requires signing up and may incur additional costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Open Source:** As an open-source framework, Nitric does not require a platform or subscription to deploy applications. Encore's language frameworks are provided as open-source software, however infrastructure provisioning requires users to create their own IaC scripts or sign-up to Encore's hosted platform, which may incur additional costs.
```
